RD-12747 - document the secret scrubbing behavior (#69)
lumigo-io/java-tracer: README.md

    }
```

### Support Java 11 and Above

Add the environment variable `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS` to your Lambda functions and set it to
`-Djdk.attach.allowAttachSelf=true` in addition to the manual code mentioned above.

### Supported Instrumentation Libraries

- Aws SDK V1
- Aws SDK V2
- Apache HTTP Client
- Apache Kafka

### Secret scrubbing

> The tracer will automatically scrub values for keys matching the following regex patterns:

Reviewer: Scrub keys from what? the word `payload` is after a long list of values, I think it should be in the first sentence

Author: Got point. See the fix below:

> The tracer will automatically scrub values for keys matching the following regex patterns:

Author: Not sure I got the question. If the regex is `.*abc.*`, then it would match a key with `abc` in it like `aaabcaaa`, and if the regex is an exact match such as `xyz` it would match only keys named `xyz`, so it's really up to how the user will use it

> The tracer will automatically scrub values for keys matching the following regex patterns:

Author: ```suggestion
The tracer will automatically scrub values for keys in payload object such as HTTP request / response body,  Lambda events, and return value that match the following regex patterns:
```

> The tracer will automatically scrub values for keys matching the following regex patterns:

Reviewer: There is a difference between regex `match` and regex `search`
* does `abc` regex match `aaaaaaabcaaaaa` - no
* does `abc` regex search `aaaaaabcaaaaa` - yes (Could have better Grammer here ;) )

In other distros we confused customers with `search` and `match`, and it looks like you are talking about a complete regex match, from the start until the end of the string

- `.*pass.*`
- `.*key.*`
- `.*secret.*`
- `.*credential.*`
- `.*passphrase.*`
- `SessionToken`
- `x-amz-security-token`
- `Signature`
- `Authorization`

> from the payload, at any depth.

Reviewer: I think we should give an example of a `LUMIGO_SECRET_MASKING_REGEX` value, original payload and masked payload.

I show in the example the
* root + sub fields are masked
* fields that only match a sub section of the regex are not masked
* The regular expressions are case sensitive (headers are case insensitive, so the `Authorization` header might be `authorization`)

> This behavior can be overridden by setting the `LUMIGO_SECRET_MASKING_REGEX` environment variable to a JSON array of regex patterns to match, e.g.: `[".+top@secret.+", ".pazzword.+"]`.

Reviewer: Can you give an example for cases with escape characters? for example:
* Regex with " inside it, for example: `object["a"]` to mask the json: `{"object[\"a\"]": "value"}`
* Regex with backslash in it, for example `firstname\s+lastname`

Because the regular expressions are given as strings inside a list, sometimes when parsing escapes there is weird behavior.

Experienced these issues in the python otel distro (In the http endpoint filtering regex)
